(intense music)
(Kokuri heavily breathing)
The entrance to the tank
is just a ways up ahead, right?
That's right.
Sarada's filled it up
with water and is waiting,
and we'll release your
Celestial Prison jutsu there.
How's the route look?
I sent my snakes
ahead to keep watch,
and they'll alert me if the
guards start to make a move.
(intense music continues)
All right, let's go.
[Kokuri] Whoa!
Man, Kokuri, weren't you
originally trained as a ninja?
I'm ashamed to admit it.
I've just been an
accountant for so long now.
[Mitsuki] That's it.
The entrance to the
tank is right there.
Ah.
Ah!
You gotta be careful.
Sorry.
Uh, hey, Boruto?
Yeah, what is it?
We haven't gotten any
word from Sarada yet.
We'll be okay, right,
or do you think that I'm
just worrying too much?
I've got total faith
Sarada has everything
taken care of.
(opening theme music)
(vocalists singing
in Japanese)
(opening theme music)
(water splashing)
That girl boasted about having
condemning information about
me or something like that.
Ah, damn it! Where
could it be? (grunting)
They're all in cahoots
with each other.
Don't tell me.
(low intense music)
(Boruto clone snoring)
Huh?
What's the big idea, this late?
Ah!
But Celestial Prison-
Never mind about that.
Just find them, quick!
Yes, sir!
If they're found,
don't confront them.
Just notify me at once.
Hey, did somebody break out?
Serves you guys
right if they did!
Let the rest of us out, too!
I can't believe
you're the only one
who stayed behind, Kedama.
You know, I have to say,
I give you high marks
for not going with them,
so here's your chance.
Where are Boruto and the others?
If you speak up now,
I'll consider giving
you special treatment.
Who can say? I can be
quite a deep sleeper.
(grunts) Those brats are fools!
Not even a rat can slip
out of this castle.
(prisoners yelling)
I wondered what he
was doing in secret.
Guess digging this
hole with his jutsu.
We better hurry.
It looks like they discovered
my Shadow Clone already.
(Sarada gasps)
Oh, right, I fell
into that sinkhole
when I was just
about to fight Benga.
Who would've thought
there'd be a place like this
under Hozuki Castle?
But how come there's all
this seawater underground?
Never mind.
I have to go rendezvous
with Boruto and the others.
I wish I knew which
way to go, at least.
I'm closer to the ceiling
than I was earlier.
If the water keeps
rising, this'll be bad.
(low intense music)
They're planning to
use the old tank.
She's really quite
sharp for a little brat.
But thanks to her, it'll
be easy enough for me
to deal with the
escapees all by myself.
He's my golden goose.
I won't lose him.
Go on. It's time to eat.
(beast roars)
Anything?
I can only detect
our own footsteps.
It seems they haven't
gotten here yet.
According to the
castle blueprints,
the tank shouldn't
be too far up ahead.
It would be great
if Sarada's managed
to complete her side
of things by now.
We don't have to
worry about Sarada.
(beast roars)
What was that roaring?
(footsteps pounding)
Incoming.
[All] Ah!
(beast roaring)
Sorry, we don't have
the time to play fetch.
-(blast explodes)
-(Boruto grunts)
Boruto!
I'm okay.
(Cerberus growling)
Just stay back, Kokuri.
[Kokuri] You don't
have to ask me twice.
(Cerberus roars)
(intense music)
I'm going to need you to stay
quiet for a little while.
Ah!
Gotcha!
[Kokuri] Did you get him?
(Cerberus angrily roaring)
I guess that didn't
work so well after all.
Damn it.
(Cerberus growling)
Get back.
Lightning Style:
Lightning Strike!
(lightning surging)
Hey, you missed him!
I saw that the ceiling was
on the verge of collapse.
It don't think that thing will
come after us for a while.
Nice one, Mitsuki, thanks.
We should hurry.
Let's get to the
tank and meet Sarada
and release the
Celestial Prison.
Yeah, you're right.
Just hang in there a
little longer, Kokuri.
Okay, for the next
step, we have to...
-(water splashing)
-Huh?
(Kokuri excitedly laughing)
Hey, what's going on?
What's the matter?
Be quiet and listen closely.
(water splashing)
I can hear water.
Leave it to Sarada.
It seems that she succeeded
in getting the tank
filled with water, huh?
Awesome job noticing it, Kokuri.
I've so been waiting for this.
I'm finally gonna be free
of the Celestial Prison!
Now all we have left is to
get out of Hozuki Castle.
What is this?
-(despondent music)
-Wait.
This is absolutely terrible.
(sobbing) How can this be?
What is going on here?
Awe, that's too bad.
There's not a drop of fresh
water left for me to give you.
It's time to take the
trash out for good.
Let's just keep
on going, Kokuri.
They're gonna find us soon
if we don't get outta here.
But as things are, the
Celestial Prison in me'll-
Yeah, I know, but for now,
just put your trust in us.
(Cerberus roaring)
It's the guard dog from before.
We have to go now.
We should avoid fighting
as much as we can.
Come on, now! (grunts)
Just the same as the last time.
I'll drown at this rate.
(low intense music)
All right, just stay calm.
Should I dive down
and look for an exit?
But in this situation,
it's too risky.
(low intense music continues)
(Sarada gasping)
Huh?
Thank you so much
for rescuing me.
Your name is Mr. Kedama, right?
That's right.
I don't understand.
Why did you save me?
Who knows? Call
it a simple whim.
[Sarada] How did you even
know about this place?
[Kedama] A long time ago,
I planned a break-out
and this is where I meant to
release my Celestial Prison.
On nights like this
during the spring tide,
the seawater rises and the
entire area becomes submerged.
That explains all
of the flooding.
But forget that. Benga knows
about the prison break.
This is bad.
I really have to get
to the rendezvous
with Boruto and the others.
Are you sure you're
okay with this?
If you do meet up with them,
you're going to end up
being pursued as well,
and there'll be no
turning back after that.
I understand.
The tank is up that way.
If you just stay on the
path and go up the slope,
then you'll see it.
You better hurry. This
place'll be submerged soon.
Wow, Kedama, thank you so much.
(mellow momentous music)
(Sarada gasps)
[Sarada] There's no water.
They must have gone ahead.
But then, the Celestial
Prison is still...
A Barrier Sealing Tag?
(Kokuri screaming)
You okay, Kokuri?
Yeah, I'm fine. But this means-
Celestial Prison.
[Mitsuki] That
appears to be marking
the border of Hozuki Castle.
We can't go any farther.
Damn it.
If we could just release it,
then we could leave
here at any time.
All right, Mitsuki,
let's go look for a place
where there's a
lot of fresh water,
and Kokuri, wait right here.
-(Cerberus growling)
-[All] Huh?
Well, I guess before that,
we'll have to take care
of Sparky here first.
(blasts exploding)
(Cerberus roaring)
Like I'd let you. (yells)
Fire Style: Flame Capture!
You actually did pretty
well for a bunch of brats,
but I won't let you have Kokuri.
He's still my precious
little golden goose
and he's all mine.
Great. It's Benga.
(Cerberus growling)
What you're seeing is
a Ninja Hound Summoning
passed down through
generations of wardens
to hunt down escapees.
Those jaws of his
are powerful enough
to completely crush a fugitive.
(Cerberus roaring)
[Mitsuki] Lightning
Style: Snake Lightning!
Come on! We were almost there!
(Cerberus angrily growling)
(Kokuri groaning)
(Kokuri screaming)
Kokuri!
Ah!
The sealing mark of
the Celestial Prison
will burn a human
from the inside out.
Watch closely as Kokuri dies
writhing in abject pain.
(Kokuri screaming)
Enough, stop it!
[Sarada] There's no way
we'd let that happen!
Huh?
Sarada!
Oh, so you were
able to escape, huh?
Well, whatever you might try
now, it's already too late.
Wow, you sure sound confident.
That's right, I am.
There isn't even a cup
of fresh water here.
No one can quench
Celestial Prison's flames.
They'll consume him.
So sorry to disappoint you.
What do you mean by that?
That today's the spring tide.
There's lots of water.
It's all around here.
Watch! (grunts)
[Benga] What? Ah!
(water aggressively gushing)
Kokuri!
(Benga grunting)
Are you all right?
(chuckles) I really thought
that I was gonna die, there.
Wow, you did it! We sure
owe you one, Sarada.
(chuckles) I knew
that there was water
brimming up underground
all around here.
'Course I only found that
out because I nearly drowned.
But never mind that.
Let's go, hurry!
(alarm blaring)
[Doragu] What a coincidence.
Taking an evening stroll, too?
So if you give a
bribe to the guards,
then you get to take a
walk around the grounds
at this late hour,
is that right?
Hey, come on, now. Besides,
you're one to talk.
Anyway, look, tell me something,
you didn't actually help out
those guys who escaped, did you?
You're welcome to go
snitch if you want to.
Huh?
I'm sure your friend
Benga would listen.
You think that a guy
like him is my friend?
I'm just asking, huh?
Ah, was your Celestial Prison
released? Is your jutsu?
No, don't do it, please.
I won't say one word to
Benga, I promise you.
Listen, I just, I
needed his influence
to survive inside this
prison, that's all.
But why?
Why would you help out
with a prison break that
doesn't benefit you?
I mean, just what are you
supposed to get out of the deal?
I have already been
rewarded several times over.
They succeeded in something
that I wasn't able to do.
(alarm blaring)
[Benga] What are you doing?
Oh, Sir!
The prisoners simply
won't settle down
since they learned
about the break-out.
I was just about to
contact the Hidden Grass
to send reinforcements-
That's completely uncalled for.
But, sir, at this rate, they'll-
I said that's
completely uncalled for!
(eerie music)
Listen.
I took care of Kokuri
with my own two hands.
Give me the money you promised.
[Tsukiyo] How pitiful.
Huh?
That sounds like
the voice of a man
whose luck has all run out.
(chuckles) And
when that happens,
nothing such a man ever
does will go right for him.
What are you saying?
You oughta stop
all of your lying
or your luck will
only get worse.
[Benga] I'm not lying.
Let me out of here and
release my Celestial Prison.
What do you mean?
I can't do that!
[Tsukiyo] I'll be satisfied
as long as Kokuri is gone.
I'll even get rid of
those brats for you.
And then your luck
will come back to you.
You had better
keep your promise.
Release!
This is amazing. I
feel revitalized.
Oh, that's right.
Huh?
The look on your face
portends bad luck.
[Boruto] Did we make it?
Yeah, and when morning arrives,
the food supply
ship should be here.
We just have to wait a little.
Yes, all right, we did it!
Hey, come on, keep it down,
or else the guards
will hear you.
Sorry.
It's just that
this means we're gonna
get out of Hozuki Castle.
I owe you guys big
time for all your help.
Thanks, Boruto.
(chuckles) Don't worry about it.
Huh?
(blast explodes)
Shall we test your
luck one last time?
(intense music)
No way. You're Tsukiyo!
There's a full moon out tonight.
It's such a nice view to die by.
(closing theme music)
[Tsukiyo] Finally
we meet, Kokuri.
[Kokuri] Tsukiyo!
Why are you here?
[Boruto] So that's Tsukiyo?
There's four of us.
There's no way we'll lose
against just one person.
[Tsukiyo] I wonder just how long
you'll be able to protect him.
Shall we test your
luck one last time?
[Boruto] Next time on "Boruto:
Naruto Next Generations",
"The Fateful Moonlit Battle".
[Tsukiyo] There's a
full moon out tonight,
so my jutsu can manifest
its utmost power!
(closing theme music)